Ideally, what I'd like to see in this exercise is that governance professionals may write
a policy restricting use of
unsecured S3 buckets or write a procedure detailing how to secure them.
They may also have to assess
existing controls for creating S3 buckets to ensure that they're working properly.
Now, risk management professionals might identify the risk and work with
stakeholders to develop technical controls to prevent these issues from occurring.
Compliance professionals might have assessed the control as part of
a compliance obligation or
identified whether controls for S3 buckets actually exist at all.